1. Introduction
In recent years, music plagiarism has become a 
serious issue in the music industry. With growing use
of the World Wide Web, the revenue loss due to
plagiarism and pirate copies has been escalating
exponentially. In Korea, it is estimated to be more than 
2 billion dollar (2009) [1]. The proposed music 
plagiarism detection system should be a welcome news 
to the music industry. Music often characterized by its melody, harmony, 
rhythm and timbre. Amongst these characteristics of 
music, melody is considered to be the most creative 
specific and expressive element that characterizes
music. With respect to melody, Korea Entertainment 
law society conducted a survey to find out what people 
considered music plagiarism to be. From the survey, 
music plagiarism is suspected under the following 
cases [2]:
1. When two music have similar successive
melody notes, plagiarism can be suspected. 2. When two music share the unique parts of
melody which is rarely uses in others, plagiarism can be suspected. 3. When music has similar melody progress with 
different key and instruments, plagiarism can be 
suspected.
With this in mind, the music plagiarism detection 
system is developed in this paper. Music plagiarism 
detection systems had been studied in the past but only 
with MIDI as input. [3]. This system receives PCM 
data as a query and extracts melody from it. Then, it 
calculates the melody similarity to the music in the 
database and retrieves the plagiarized music.
This paper is organized as follows. Section 2 shows 
whole system to detect music plagiarism. Section 3 
describes melody extraction algorithm from 
polyphonic music via harmonic model. Section 4 
represents symbolic melody similarity calculation 
based on string matching algorithm. Section 5 
describes music plagiarism detecting system and 
experiments. Finally, section 6 concludes this paper.
2. System Overview
The system is composed of four modules as
illustrated in Fig. 1: (1)Melody Extraction Module, 
(2)Melody-to-MIDI Module, (3)Similarity Calculation 
Modules and (4)Common Subsequence Search 
Modules. The system receives as input a polyphonic 
music (PCM data) and outputs information of
plagiarized music (music title, time, etc.). In the Melody Extraction Modules, melody of the 
query music is extracted. In the Melody-to-MIDI 
Conversion Modules, the melody pitch sequence is 
converted into a note sequence which is appropriate for 
MIDI format. In Similarity Calculation Modules, the 
similarity between the note sequence of the input 
polyphonic music and those of music in the database is 
calculated. In the Common Subsequence Search 
Modules, the similar section of the music in the 
database is detected. Thus, the overall system can 
detect a plagiarized music and its similar section.