Rhythm Plagiarism
A prominent example for rhythm plagiarism is the so-called Amen Break. It originates from the 1969 
Funk recording Amen Brother by The Winstons and is considered one of the most widely used drum loops in 
the history of Rap and Electronic music. Some of such extraordinary beats are pro-tected by the law. But it is 
often difficult to judge, whether two songs share the same rhythm. There is no definition of which instrument is 
playing the rhythm. Commonly, the drums make up the beat. But a guitar can also be a dominant rhythmical 
instrument. In general, rhythm is formed by periodical pattern of accents in the amplitude envelopes of different 
frequency bands. Rhythm plagiarism has been scarcely covered in the litErature but it is closely related to rhythm similarity estimation
Paulus and Klapuri took the melody as a reference for rhythm
They transformed the melody into rhythmical strings which are easier to compare along structural dimensions. 
Others extracted rhythmical features such as the beat spectrum or tempo in order to measure rhythmical 
similarity.
Melody Plagiarism
Copied melodies are less obvious than the previously ex-plained plagiarism types. A melodic motive is 
considered to be identical, even if it is transposed to another key, slowed down, sped up or interpreted with 
different rhythmic accentuation. Thus, melody plagiarism is a gray area, where it is hard to discern copying 
from citation. However, MIR techniques are suited for inspection of such cases. In the MIR literature, a closely 
related task is Query-by-Humming (QbH). QbH can be used to retrieve songs from a database by letting the user 
hum or sing the respective melody. Melody plagiarism inspection can be done with basically the same approach, 
since means to identify and evaluate melodic similarity are required. The main difference is, that QbH searches 
across extensive databases while plagiarism detection concentrates on one single comparison, which has to be 
more precise.