Introduction

Aided by the internet, plagiarism is now noticeable globally ,not just across authors, but also across languages and countries. 
In 2008 alone, 1.4 billion music tracks were sold internationally. This number has since increased to over 1.8 
billion. In2004, the SACEM, an organization that seeks to protect the rights of the original authors, composers 
and publishers, was able to manually check only a small percentage of registered pieces for potential copyright 
violations. With such vast numbers of tracks to monitor, the need for automatic techniques for identification of 
potential copyright violations and detection of music-plagiarism is clear and paramount.
With the development of digital media technology, people are routinely exposed to music in everyday 
environmentscar, home, restaurant, theater and shopping mallbut are frustrated by not being able to learn more 
about what they hear. They may, for instance, be interested in a particular piece of music and want to know its 
title and the name of the artist who created it. In this project Each audio file is fingerprinted, The fingerprints 
from the unknown sample are matched against a large set of fingerprints derived from the music database. The 
candidate matches are subsequently evaluated for correctness of match. Music-plagiarism is the use or close 
imitation of an-other authors music without proper acknowledgement. Every year ,vast numbers of new music 
tracks are released globally, and questionable similarities exist in some sections of music tracks. 


II. Types Of Plagiarism
A clear and precise definition of the term plagiarism is difficult to derive. However, the notion of 
intellectual property is known since ancient times. A poet named Martial called another poet kidnapper (lat. 
plagiarius), because he presented Martials poems without permission and claimed that these were his own. This 
incident is perceived as the first mention-ing of authors rights, even though an established copyright was 
unknown . Authorship became more important with the invention of letterpress printing in the late 15th century. 
In the realm of music, it became common practice to credit the composer for his sheet music since the 16th 
century.
2.1. Sampling Plagiarism
The term sampling describes the re-use of recorded sounds or music excerpts in another song . The 
samples are often manipulated in pitch or tempo to fit the rhythm and tonality of the new song. It is very 
common to mix additional instruments to the sample, such as additional vocals or drums. The most common use 
of samples is to crop an excerpt of one or more bars and loop them. More elaborate forms of sampling include 
rearrangement and post-processing of the respective sample beyond recognition. Sampling has strongly 
influenced popular music culture. Thus, there exist websites4,where sampling cases are collected by a 
community of music aficionados. Due to the fact that sampling is basically the use of a song in a song it is 
Music Plagiarism Detector
National Conference On Discrete Mathematics & Computing (NCDMC-2017) 9 | Page
related to the task of cover song detection. Cover song detection is commonly approached by chroma feature. A 
more recent approach is presented in , where a well-known audio fingerprinting algorithm is modified in order 
to retrieve samples inside songs, based on spectral peak signatures.